TITLE: 
Jordan King
CSCI200 Section A
Microsoft Paint But Better (Because I Made It)

PROBLEM DESCRIPTION: I created a program that allows the user to freely draw on a 
blank canvas using the mouse. The user will be able to change the color of the brush by clicking
on the color they would like in the bar at the top of the canvas. To draw, the user will left 
on the mouse and hold down. When the user closes the SFML window, their drawing will be saved 
as a .png file.

PROGRAM DOCUMENTATION: This program needs to be built with SFML. To run the program, 
simply make and the canvas will pop up. Then draw by left clicking on a mouse or keypad,
and change the color of the brush by clicking on a color in the color bar at the top of the window.
Features I wanted to include but ran out of time:
- change brush size via scrolling with the mouse
    - I would have done this by using the wheelscroll mouse event and connecting that to the radius of 
    the brush
- change shape of the brush
    - I would have made another section at the top of the window with different brush shapes, by clicking 
    on one it would change the brush shape

LIST DATA STRUCTURE: I chose to use a vector because I wanted to make a list of class types (in this case, 
the CircleShape class) and found it easiest to use a vector. The vector I used essentially equated to the "stroke" 
of the brush, so every time the x and y position of the brush changed, the brush was appended to the vector, and then 
the vector was looped through to draw each position of the brush.

TESTS: Clicking on the center of the color to change brush color is ideal. However, if you click right on the edge or even
above the desired color, the brush will still change to that color. Moving the mouse at a reasonable speed (not too 
fast) is also ideal, as I am appending the brush locations to a vector and the drawing that, so it will not quite
keep up if you move the mouse too fast (there will be gaps). This is a fairly simple drawing application.

REFLECTIONS: I learned a lot about SFML while making this project. Mouse events make a lot of sense to me, so 
applying those was not an issue. I had trouble at first with actually getting the drawing part working, but 
it makes sense that you basically have to create a bunch of shapes for every position of the mouse. I definitely 
am going to continue to work on this, as I did not get nearly as much done as I wanted to and it was actually 
really fun to work on. I will most likely make a brush class because I think that would make things easier and allow
me to manipulate more aspects of the program in a better way. 

